feat(source-pg): New Postgres source plugin with CDC (#7975)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/plugins/sources/postgresql/tables.md

# Source Plugin: PostgreSQL

> ## Tables

Reviewer: Maybe we should remove this file entirely, it doesn't really make sense for dynamic source plugins

> Tables are dynamiclly defined by the PostgreSQL schema and the source plugin spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tables for this plugin are dynamically defined by the source PostgreSQL database schema and the source plugin spec.
```
